---
title: "[EoWR] Week 1, June"
date: 2025-06-07
slug: eowr-07-06-2025
tags: [maths, blog, quant]
---

# What is this?

It's a **personal post. Please Ignore.**    
I've decided to start this series as a way to identify **time sinks**, and where I'm going wrong with my planning, with major projects put on hold due to a supposed "lack of time".    
Why make it public then? You see, I'm quite the lazy person. If I did just limit this to a personal diary, I would immediately stop after a few days. So I'm making this **End of Week Report (EoWR)** series public for everyone to see. Maybe the shame and guilt might motivate me to actually continue making progress no matter how small. 

The **End of Day Reports (EoDRs)** for the week, are posted here along with a Week Review.

<br>
<hr>
<br>

# Week 1, June

## Week Review

Not much was achieved this week, projects were on break, and only the IITM project was done, which I failed to submit on time. Must improve from next week onwards.
<br>
<hr>
<br>

## EoDR 01-06-2025

### JEE
Gave MT 5 adv.  
Identified weak areas: Electrostatics, Equilibrium, ElectroChem. 
Significant Time management errors.

### PROJECTS
Break.

### EC
Unable to begin working on IITM project.

<br>
<hr>
<br>

## EoDR 02-06-2025

### JEE
Revision: Integration
Booklet Solving: Integration (10Q)

### PROJECTS
Break.
Explored ideas of DIY Radio Telescope, and Galvanic cell, to measure $ E^0 $ values.

### EC
Exploring ways to go about IITM project
<br>
<hr>
<br>

## EoDR 03-06-2025

### JEE
Class: Complex Numbers started, HydroCarbons started, POM finished Viscosity 
Booklet Solving: Integration

### PROJECTS
Break.


### EC
Made preparations and got tools ready to start IITM project tomorrow.

<br>
<hr>
<br>

## EoDR 04-06-2025

### JEE
Booklet Solving: Integration (few)
Note much done in light of IITM Project.

### PROJECTS
Break.

### EC
Made a 21-Page Presentation using Canva, for IITM Project. ([link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1HxisRUoK3HzYRxLGaGnpgd659MZVKc4a/view?usp=sharing))   
Made Jupyter Notebook and Uploaded to github for implementation details.
Made Blog Post with relevant links and scheduled to have content in the future for the in-depth implementations of kNN and kmeans, as well as linear algebra and optimization.  
Might have failed to meet deadline due to website glitch. Email drafted.
<br>
<hr>
<br>

## EoDR 05-06-2025

### JEE
Class: POM finished Surface Tension, Solid State started.
Booklet Solving: Integration 2B

### PROJECTS
Break.

### EC
Sent Email to the support team requesting the acceptance of late submission. (Refused)  
Project might not be considered for grading (that's sad).
<br>
<hr>
<br>
